There's no way you can even name all the
different ways to use dye in Minecraft
because there's just so many and they
keep adding new ones. And yet all the
time I see people demanding dable wood
or dable item frames or saddles or even
villagers. But I've never seen someone
suggest dable water until I came across
this video by a super underrated
creator, Josilia. She has a major gripe
with the way that most of the water in
the game is a deep blue, which is
something I've never really thought
about. So, she ended up finding a mod
called Colored Water by Koari, and it
works just as you'd expect, allowing you
to dye water, place it wherever, and
even put it in cauldrons. It also has
condensed water made with extra dye that
makes the liquid more opaque, and
luminous water that glows when you add
in glowstone dust. In her video, Josie
made a crazy Ender Oasis using the
purple water, a scenic sugary candy land
with the pink water, and an enhanced
jungle biome using the green water. I
was so impressed with all her builds
that I was beginning to be convinced on
the whole dable water thing. So, I
decided to try it out myself. And first,
I made a sewer oozing radioactive
sludge. I used the light blue water to
create a prismatic spring. And I
combined campfires and black condensed
water to make a tar pit with a woolly
mammoth. I was skeptical at first, but
maybe we need dable water in